Christine Campbell: Hi, how
Richelle Direny: Are you
All right.
Christine Campbell: dreary
Christine Campbell: What's that
Richelle Direny: Is it raining.
Christine Campbell: As Ohio is
That is what are you
Christine Campbell: Worried about it snowed sun's out again.
Richelle Direny: It rains it snows, it rains it
Christine Campbell: Rains in one day.
Richelle Direny: So it's cold there now.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, yesterday was nice tomorrow, rest of the week should be fairly decent
Christine Campbell: Should be
Richelle Direny: A walk so
Richelle Direny: I think we, I think we did your treatment plan recipe cards.
Christine Campbell: Okay, I don't remember.
Richelle Direny: Miss Christine Campbell.
Richelle Direny: How's everything going there. I know that I'm
Richelle Direny: I know that they're trying to open up everything. So how is it
Christine Campbell: I didn't think they were
Richelle Direny: I know in other states, they're talking about opening up the state.
Oh really,
Christine Campbell: I don't know. I think they'll be stupid if they do.
Christine Campbell: It's going to come back again in a couple that hard.
Christine Campbell: They probably will.
Christine Campbell: Be sorry
Richelle Direny: Guys, you know, it's just one of those things. It's well let's see what happens because they're showing people that are unemployed and
Christine Campbell: Oh god, I know I can't take it anymore. I'm looking for a job. I don't care. I just have to get out of here.
Richelle Direny: Always hold before
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: I have to
Richelle Direny: Have to get out the house, you can't you can't
Christine Campbell: Do it.
Richelle Direny: The thing is, um, you know, it's just one of those things that when you're when you're home all the time.
Richelle Direny: It's like, you know, you're fine with it. But the minute someone tells you have to stay home. It's just like, hold on.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, right. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Exactly, exactly.
Richelle Direny: The minute you're told.
Christine Campbell: Yep, was finally gas, you know, stay home.
Christine Campbell: No, I have to work, they have to do some
Richelle Direny: What are you gonna do, are you going to go back into your art.
Christine Campbell: No. That's just good at work. That's just
Richelle Direny: Can't you do that for, um,
Richelle Direny: Can you do that for like you could work in an art place.
Richelle Direny: I don't remember studio or something like that, along like what you like make her hobby work for you.
Richelle Direny: Or however they
Christine Campbell: Have no idea how to do it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you're, you're pretty good artists from
Christine Campbell: Pretty good.
Richelle Direny: So if you work in like that arena.
Richelle Direny: In terms of where you
Christine Campbell: Know it happens, rather than love
Richelle Direny: Then you never work a day in your life.
Right.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I'll probably go cook better cook for years.
Richelle Direny: You say you've been a cook.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, for years, years elan's
Christine Campbell: But I gotta do something like not they're busy restaurant. I'm too old for that. I can't even handle that. What I could mount want to
Richelle Direny: See, you want to do something where you wouldn't
Christine Campbell: Have
Christine Campbell: To swap out. I worked a couple pizza shops. I like, that's perfect. I loved it.
Richelle Direny: Um, okay. So in looking at your goals. The last time we met, um,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, the last time we met. We talked about your goals is continue. Have you been going to your psychiatrist monthly
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And when was the last time you went to, you didn't
Christine Campbell: Just a
Christine Campbell: Few days ago last week Friday.
Richelle Direny: And how was that in terms of
Christine Campbell: Dr. South. I don't even talk to
Christine Campbell: Like he's the one that you talk to me more. I think there's a lot of prescribed stuff, you know,
Christine Campbell: Matt, talk to the counselor every week, which he just changed out to two weeks, cuz I got what you guys go way too much.
Richelle Direny: Yes, me too. I
Christine Campbell: Do too much. I have that much to say.
Christine Campbell: But I saw her yesterday.
Christine Campbell: Well, every week who just change it to two weeks I'll probably go to month after that.
Richelle Direny: But do you did you tell them like exactly like if the medication is working for you.
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Their medication for depression and ADHD.
Christine Campbell: That no
Christine Campbell: More depressed. These last few days ever. I never. I mean, I always was never really bothered me that much.
Christine Campbell: This bother me.
Christine Campbell: Like, really, is that you got to get out of this House.
Richelle Direny: And
Christine Campbell: That's what it is.
Richelle Direny: Listen, we
Richelle Direny: All need some type of outside activities like let me tell you, Christine. I don't want to be a lot because I figure
Richelle Direny: I really have a lot of melanin in my skin and I don't really need that much more. So, which means that I don't need to go to the beach and get
Richelle Direny: Burnt
Right.
Richelle Direny: And I started envisioning myself at the beach.
Richelle Direny: I need to do something.
Richelle Direny: My house and so they talked about their opening of the beaches, like, you know, allowing but then figuring out, like, how can you should wear a mask. First of all, if I go to the beach. I'm not wearing a mask, like that's like
Christine Campbell: A big old white
Richelle Direny: Like I'm pulling into the water and I have this over my nose like
Richelle Direny: Like I'm just asking for certification at that point.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's just like you know your kids. I don't know if you know, Ohio, but I know
Christine Campbell: I would really be go, oh, I'd be in metal
Christine Campbell: Thank God I don't know how other people doing it. Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: I'm of course it doesn't, you know, it's not about saying that, of course, there's not a little screaming going on at some point throughout the day.
Richelle Direny: What do you to where you apply powerful
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but it's, it's, um, it's just one of those things where now they're going to be in Florida. The kids are home for the rest of the school year.
Christine Campbell: Or two minor grown so I don't have to worry they just they cut it out for a year.
Richelle Direny: So they're they're homeschool for the rest of the year, but so now it's almost like you're really having to get creative of how you entertain them.
Richelle Direny: And so I thought it would be a great idea to go to the beach. But then, you know, there's some people who are a little bit nervous about the idea of going out.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You
Christine Campbell: Have like panic attacks like that writer will leave the house.
Christine Campbell: Stranger yeah oh yeah I will happen.
Richelle Direny: In the house. Like, what should they be doing, but um you know it is. No, it's kind of like a catch 22
Richelle Direny: You like you said, you want to get out of house. You want to get work. You want to get money. You want to be able to, you know, yes. You want to do all of that, um, but then there's the other person who's saying like, no, why are we leaving the house because it's still this
And so that's
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: All right, I'm sorry. Good.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's like a catch 22 it's like seeing it.
Richelle Direny: On both sides of a coin.
Richelle Direny: You know, some people they need to get out because they need to work. They need to be able, like I can, I can say
Richelle Direny: In all honesty, I can say, well, I mean, I don't know why they're letting people out. I don't know why they're allowing people to do this because I still work. So I could say whatever I want to say because even though I'm locked in my home. I'm still being able to generate some type of income.
Christine Campbell: So I don't think they should do it yet, but
Richelle Direny: But then this is the thing, it's for everybody. It's different.
Richelle Direny: It's like
Richelle Direny: The longer you stay home.
Christine Campbell: What do or I think brother get sick. If we don't
Richelle Direny: Want you don't know, then it's not in then. How long do you stay
Christine Campbell: home all the time.
Richelle Direny: But that's what I'm saying. You're, you're already home.
Christine Campbell: was worried about their money. That's what they're worried about
Christine Campbell: Dead.
Christine Campbell: You know,
Richelle Direny: But everybody everybody's cases very different, like I had
Christine Campbell: already added I did. I think we added
Richelle Direny: I mean, we probably all was exposed in some way, somehow, like
Christine Campbell: Right. Yes. German sub at all.
Richelle Direny: Do we have the strength or the we have the strain of the virus that they're talking
Christine Campbell: About I think we did, but
Richelle Direny: Like I was
Richelle Direny: talking to this guy earlier where, you know, I had to ask him some questions. And he said,
Richelle Direny: You know what, what would you do in the event like you end up in the hospital. Like, what is your plans like in terms of. Have you thought about
Richelle Direny: So you want to life sustaining treatments like what do you want to do. And so, you know, the first thing he said was
Richelle Direny: You know, they, you would want them to at least try to do something. But no, you know, take that back. He said,
Richelle Direny: You know, well they tell you about all these people dying, but then what about all these people who they said that they were knocking knocking at the door, but then they kind of pretty much they came out of it. They're out of the hospital and they're fine. So, so then so
Christine Campbell: They don't know if everybody
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But then the spouse turned around and says, BUT THEN YOU THE PEOPLE WHO YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT ARE NOT your age group with COPD. So you have to take that into consideration.
Christine Campbell: We are
Christine Campbell: Have asthma or both 54
Richelle Direny: No, no. But I'm talking about this guy. What was his wife was saying to him.
Richelle Direny: The wife was saying to him.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, looking at these people who are getting up and walking out of the hospital. But keep in mind, they may not be your agent. He was in his 80s.
Christine Campbell: Buddy differently. Anyway, always will know
Richelle Direny: It all and that's like that's the point you have to take your individual
Richelle Direny: Situations, and in look at your individual because you can be your age and walk away. Fine. And I can
Richelle Direny: I can perish.
Richelle Direny: Right situation is very different. So you have to look at your own unique situation and make a
Richelle Direny: Very informed decision. Um, you know, just kind of know where you are, where everything is concerned. But in the meantime, trying to maintain your own mental health, and that's what you have to do. Just stay focused on your own mental health.
Richelle Direny: You're in a bit, your ability to get through it at some point and not
Richelle Direny: allow fear to
Richelle Direny: Be your you know what what is what the next thing that you do.
Richelle Direny: You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: So here it is, I have
Richelle Direny: For you able to set an alarm.
Richelle Direny: To complete at least one task per day.
Oh,
Christine Campbell: No, because I forgot.
Richelle Direny: You were on the phone. You set the alarm.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I talk a good game. I hate you up with you and I forget all every day.
Richelle Direny: You were talking about. And so do you understand why we were, um, why we have that as a goal.
Christine Campbell: To get depressed. No, I don't know why.
Richelle Direny: Of course you know why you just said it.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, okay. Yeah. And I'm depressed.
Richelle Direny: Depressed because you want to get out the house.
Richelle Direny: So what is it that
Richelle Direny: You would arm.
Richelle Direny: What stops you from being able to complete this task.
Christine Campbell: Just don't want to do nothing.
Christine Campbell: Done.
Richelle Direny: Completely agree with that.
Christine Campbell: I don't want to do something. I'm just not doing it, that's all. There's to it.
Christine Campbell: I mean I'm watching my head, but my body's like you know
Christine Campbell: In all reality and I know you're not going to do it.
Richelle Direny: Well what stops you from putting in the alarm, because it's one thing to one and get out
Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, okay, what would have been
Christine Campbell: I forgot I just reminded me of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so if we put in there. Why are you on the phone with me now. You put in that task. What is the one task that you can see yourself completing a day.
Richelle Direny: What about did you did you get up and make a meal with your husband and have it with him.
Christine Campbell: About. Yeah. Not today, yesterday we usually do pretty much no
Christine Campbell: Couple times a week.
Richelle Direny: Let me ask you this. If
Richelle Direny: Said it from getting. But just having the motivation and the willingness to get up and get things done or get something done. Um, what would be your motivator to get up to go to work every day.
Christine Campbell: Money.
Richelle Direny: Would you be really motivated to get up to go to work every because remember when a person has no energy. They're really depressed.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I know.
Richelle Direny: The biggest motivator.
Christine Campbell: Money, money, I guess oil.
Richelle Direny: Money will be your motivator to get up every day.
Christine Campbell: Always a motivator.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. How long was the last time you worked
Christine Campbell: Uber for months.
Richelle Direny: That's right. You had started a little job and then it didn't work out.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I liked it too. And five, a job. I like just by loving. Oh.
Richelle Direny: You like stopped working right before all of this happens.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What are some
You think barriers.
Christine Campbell: I don't know.
Christine Campbell: Depression.
Richelle Direny: You see, you're
Christine Campbell: Out of this funk. I'm not gonna do anything.
Christine Campbell: The sun coming up makes a big difference.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's the weather.
Christine Campbell: Partly.
Richelle Direny: Do you think the weather aids to you.
Christine Campbell: Does for sure.
Richelle Direny: Okay, which now I know you said you experience for season of the year. I mean, in the day so
Richelle Direny: The seasons, but you more in a depressive mode.
Christine Campbell: Oh, just the gloomy day no sunshine.
Richelle Direny: And hasn't been like that for the week.
Christine Campbell: No.
Christine Campbell: No, we had a couple of sunny days.
Richelle Direny: So when it is um
Richelle Direny: When it is sunny, like it is now.
Richelle Direny: What are you motivated to do because you said that you're a little bit more depressed, like when it's really gloomy outside
Christine Campbell: No, I
Christine Campbell: Oh, you know, we were all around cigarettes loud because it costs so much either do that every day.
Richelle Direny: Rolling
Richelle Direny: It's something that you were doing.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, not like it.
Christine Campbell: Because it gives me something to do. I guess I don't mind it.
Richelle Direny: So you do every day.
Christine Campbell: Pretty much almost
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you do it because it's
Christine Campbell: Now, they're very cheap.
Christine Campbell: Should not a long time ago.
Christine Campbell: It's crazy.
Richelle Direny: Now outside. That's the only now for okay let's talk about them today. Just like today by itself, given that it's now sunny, what are you motivated to do
Richelle Direny: What is something that you're motivated to do
Christine Campbell: Don't know.
Christine Campbell: There's nothing to do
Richelle Direny: Where you live. Is there, like, are you able to like walk around the neighborhood, is it does get
Christine Campbell: Warm. We're gonna go to the park, just walk through apart.
Christine Campbell: Like sun was out, but it's still cold.
Richelle Direny: When you say cold, cold.
Richelle Direny: Well, yeah, that is
Christine Campbell: Just a Sweater Jacket. That's fine.
Richelle Direny: But either. So even with just the sweat jacket. I mean,
Christine Campbell: Yeah, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: Are you motivated to go out. I mean, do you live where you live. Is there like a yard or something like that, where you can go
Christine Campbell: Out. I got a big yard.
Richelle Direny: Do you do anything. I'm in your yard.
Christine Campbell: No.
Richelle Direny: You don't like anything outdoors, even if it's
Christine Campbell: Your last doors. I grew up outdoors. I love it. But I just, you know,
Richelle Direny: They have the motivation.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Now I know you said you want to be able to come out of the
Richelle Direny: This mode of depression.
Christine Campbell: But
Richelle Direny: What's key. What, what makes you feel depressed outside, outside of you've identified one thing. What is something else.
Richelle Direny: That's making you feel depressed today outside the weather. But now you said it's really sunny outside
Christine Campbell: I know
Richelle Direny: You did say that you don't have any underlining medical condition that will make them more sleep here than others, right.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: I do they check your thyroid
Christine Campbell: You checked everything. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And they said everything was fine with your siren
Richelle Direny: Now, what about with your kids do they come by.
Christine Campbell: One of the lives WITH ME, MY DAUGHTER DOES
Christine Campbell: Well, nobody's allowed in even like it so they don't live here. The not allowed him.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said once our lives with you.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, then the other one I see pretty much every day.
Richelle Direny: And what's the relationship like that one.
Christine Campbell: Foreign like a lot. My kids foreign
Richelle Direny: I mean, the relationship that you have with your kids doesn't give you any motivations, who
Richelle Direny: Want to
Richelle Direny: Do anything
Christine Campbell: Yeah, sure. I want to do something, if I can help them out with something I will
Christine Campbell: You know, I like to do something nice for them, you know,
Richelle Direny: What, in your mind, what is something nice.
Christine Campbell: You're killing me.
Richelle Direny: Why am I killing you, because you gotta, you have to really think about
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Alright, man.
Christine Campbell: I know that needs to stop at nothing for
Richelle Direny: What we feel your day.
How was your day today.
Richelle Direny: What was your higher because you also look like you're you're tired. Also look like you're sleepy.
Christine Campbell: I sleep for a couple hours we got for a couple hours sleep for a couple hours we don't forget bloggers horrible.
Richelle Direny: And you're on antidepressants. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, do your antidepressants make you tired.
Christine Campbell: You're not supposed to
Christine Campbell: And really have
Christine Campbell: No kidding. Feel it, you know.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So walk me through your day today. What was the most exciting part of your day.
Richelle Direny: The most part of your day.
Richelle Direny: most challenging part of your day.
Christine Campbell: went to the store.
Christine Campbell: cook dinner.
Richelle Direny: You cook dinner. What time to cook dinner.
Christine Campbell: I put in the crock pot at 11
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what time did you get up to go to the store because I know you say you sleep in late
Christine Campbell: Was up at 3am
Christine Campbell: A story about nine
Richelle Direny: Well that's awfully early to get up.
Christine Campbell: I get up and roll the night
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I gotta
Christine Campbell: Get a job. So get on some sort of schedule.
Richelle Direny: So when did you, what time do you go back to sleep. This morning
Christine Campbell: I didn't get
Christine Campbell: I'm going to pretty soon.
Richelle Direny: I'm nine from 3am this morning. You haven't gone back to sleep.
No.
Richelle Direny: So what got you up so early.
Christine Campbell: They'll just get up, wake up.
Christine Campbell: And watch scandal. It's worked for
Richelle Direny: And also comes on TV.
Christine Campbell: Yeah. For am I love it.
Wow.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Christine Campbell: You know all you watch out.
Christine Campbell: Normally I go back to sleep around nine
Christine Campbell: Or eight just, you know, our to
Christine Campbell: Go to sleep soon for
Christine Campbell: For having
Richelle Direny: Over a heavy always struggled with sleep.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, not, not this bad, just because it's not, you know, we have nothing to do with me. Yeah, it's always I always wake up a lot.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, it sounds like it's
Richelle Direny: It sounds like it's, um, you know, maybe exploring. If you need medication for, you know, to help you to sleep through the night. So because on average, how many hours a day do you sleep.
Christine Campbell: All together, I don't know, six, seven.
Richelle Direny: But it's broken up into pieces.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I definitely
Richelle Direny: You know, if you're sleeping at night and you just wake up and it's hard for you to go back to sleep. You know, the question is, do you think live antidepressants that you're taking helps any
Christine Campbell: Just started me on a new one that might have something to do with this. I was thinking
Christine Campbell: Or doing my mood.
Christine Campbell: Pretty shitty today, just like world travel, you know,
Christine Campbell: I was wondering if that's what's doing it.
Richelle Direny: You said that you think that what is the name of the new inside of person they put you on
Christine Campbell: Is on antidepressants ADHD its strategic
Richelle Direny: Strattera. Yeah, you were diagnosed with ADHD.
Christine Campbell: That got it that
Christine Campbell: Ph. D. And
Christine Campbell: Everything.
Christine Campbell: Go off of the
Richelle Direny: Two. Are you starting to feel like that now. And since they started you on this new man.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I mean I just started taking
Christine Campbell: Us Friday.
Christine Campbell: Like a couple weeks and
Christine Campbell: a Java developer just read what I swear.
Christine Campbell: I'm blaming it on that anyway.
Richelle Direny: I mean, what if it is that you find you. Remember when I said that when you start
Richelle Direny: When you start a new medication or you go to the psychiatrists, or whoever is prescribing your, your medication, you have to have that conversation with them.
Christine Campbell: You know,
Christine Campbell: They just just gave it to him.
Richelle Direny: And you, you find that your little bit more groggy, or you know they're your sleep pattern has kind of gotten interrupted.
Christine Campbell: Pretty screwed up anyway but
Christine Campbell: I just, I don't think I like the way it makes it not supposed to feel anything.
Christine Campbell: You know, but I swear I do search makes me to grouchy
Richelle Direny: Do you want to not feel anything.
Christine Campbell: I don't want to be grouchy
Christine Campbell: Like it
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Christine Campbell: That could be because I'm tired.
Richelle Direny: Well, that could be very much so it could be because you're tired.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, you're tired.
Richelle Direny: You're gonna be a little bit more accurate aggravated grouchy like you said. Frustrated, annoyed because you're really not getting the sleep that you need.
Richelle Direny: The amount of sleep that you need.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Well, I'm still gonna, we're still going to continue with the goals that you have about at least identifying one task.
Richelle Direny: To be able to get it done.
Richelle Direny: To set an alarm. You remember the time that you said that you want to set the alarm.
Christine Campbell: I was my dog for a couple of minutes.
Christine Campbell: Upload my dog every day for a couple of minutes outside
Richelle Direny: Okay, if that's what you, I got you. Remember the time you said you're going to put your alarm.
Christine Campbell: I don't know that I'm probably about moon.
Richelle Direny: Where you said what you said 10 o'clock.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, that until I do what I was going to do.
Christine Campbell: My dog don't get out of bed.
Christine Campbell: She gets about 11 she spoiled.
Christine Campbell: It gives you
Richelle Direny: Something to look forward to doing
Richelle Direny: Yeah, to keep your energy, high for you to something for you to
To do.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let me ask it is your phone number. So 234 to
Christine Campbell: 2182330 never get texts or anything.
Richelle Direny: No, I didn't. I know I didn't send I didn't send you one. Today, I just wanted to ensure because some people say they don't get the messages so
Christine Campbell: I said about one in the very beginning. And that's it. Never again.
Richelle Direny: Well I don't send them out for groups.
Richelle Direny: I don't send them out for, but I know for sure. Today I didn't send any
Richelle Direny: All right, but I just, I need to ensure that everybody's number
Christine Campbell: That's it.
Richelle Direny: You know, as I said,
Richelle Direny: You know, I really truly encourage that, you know, keep monitoring your medication. So you can talk to Dr. Evil AND YOU SPEAK WITH NATALIE on Thursday, you know,
Richelle Direny: If you feel that you need to talk to her about taking something to either help you sleep or what have you, or share how you know that whatever it is that you're on.
Richelle Direny: Talk to her. See, she give you any insight about it. Then the other thing that I would recommend is that, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, just trying to follow through, because
Richelle Direny: If you want if you want to, after all is said and done, you want to go back up to work.
Richelle Direny: You can, but the question is
Richelle Direny: Are you going to be able to being being
Richelle Direny: You know, be honest with yourself.
Christine Campbell: Right. I know. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: He's like feeling really low and depressed and always tired and groggy and, you know, how are you going to be able to do it when you go back out to work. So you have to be able, I'm or your, how can I say
Richelle Direny: It starts to build up that momentum start to do different things task to be able to increase your energy level boost your energy level.
Christine Campbell: Was
Richelle Direny: Going to do different things.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, younger soon.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, but let's do, let's do this. Let's, um,
Richelle Direny: Let's look at the schedule come next week on Thursday when we meet, and we'll start looking at work. Maybe I can look at it now.
Richelle Direny: There hasn't been any, like, major changes in the last week or two years there.
No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's revisit on Thursday, and then we can schedule your next appointment.
Christine Campbell: Alright, no problem.
Richelle Direny: Take maybe I'm a weekend in May. So let's see. But then, let's let's revisit
Richelle Direny: That I see you're struggling to stay awake.
Richelle Direny: Just like the fight is real. I see the fight is very real.
Christine Campbell: Okay. All right. I'll
Richelle Direny: Be tortured anymore so
Richelle Direny: Um, we'll see each other on Thursday. Okay. You remember you have the two sessions.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
All right.